643020659-1 อันดา อินทะเนตร githubname : undainthanatekku
1) Many years ago, there was an Emperor, who was so excessively fond of new clothes, that he
spent all his money in dress. He did not trouble himself in the least about his soldiers; nor did
he care to go either to the theatre or the chase, except for the opportunities then afforded him
for displaying his new clothes. He had a different suit for each hour of the day; and as of any
other king or emperor, one is accustomed to say, "he is sitting in council," it was always said of
him, "The Emperor is sitting in his wardrobe."
Time passed merrily in the large town which was his capital; strangers arrived every day at the
court. One day, two rogues, calling themselves weavers, made their appearance. They gave out
that they knew how to weave stuffs of the most beautiful colors and elaborate patterns, the
clothes manufactured from which should have the wonderful property of remaining invisible to
everyone who was unfit for the office he held, or who was extraordinarily simple in character.
8) The whole city was talking of the splendid cloth which the Emperor had ordered to be woven at
his own expense.
And now the Emperor himself wished to see the costly manufacture, while it was still in the
loom. Accompanied by a select number of officers of the court, among whom were the two
honest men who had already admired the cloth, he went to the crafty impostors, who, as soon
as they were aware of the Emperor's approach, went on working more diligently than ever;
although they still did not pass a single thread through the looms.

643021438-2 สาริศา ทั่งทอง  githubname : sarisa-28
2)once find out what men in my realms are unfit for their office, and also be able to distinguish
the wise from the foolish! This stuff must be woven for me immediately." And he caused large
sums of money to be given to both the weavers in order that they might begin their work
directly.
So the two pretended weavers set up two looms, and affected to work very busily, though in
reality they did nothing at all. They asked for the most delicate silk and the purest gold thread;
put both into their own knapsacks; and then continued their pretended work at the empty
looms until late at night.
9)"Is not the work absolutely magnificent?" said the two officers of the crown, already
mentioned. "If your Majesty will only be pleased to look at it! What a splendid design! What
glorious colors!" and at the same time they pointed to the empty frames; for they imagined
that everyone else could see this exquisite piece of workmanship.

643020621-6 นายปฏิเวธ คงสวัสดิ์
(3)I should like to know how the weavers are getting on with my cloth," said the Emperor to 
himself, after some little time had elapsed; he was, however, rather embarrassed, when he 
remembered that a simpleton, or one unfit for his office, would be unable to see the 
manufacture. To be sure, he thought he had nothing to risk in his own person; but yet, he 
would prefer sending somebody else, to bring him intelligence about the weavers, and their 
work, before he troubled himself in the affair. All the people throughout the city had heard of 
the wonderful property the cloth was to possess; and all were anxious to learn how wise, or 
how ignorant, their neighbors might prove to be.
"I will send my faithful old minister to the weavers," said the Emperor at last, after some 
deliberation, "he will be best able to see how the cloth looks; for he is a man of sense, and no  one can be more suitable for his office than he is."
(12)How is this?" said the Emperor to himself. "I can see nothing! This is indeed a terrible affair! 
Am I a simpleton, or am I unfit to be an Emperor? That would be the worst thing that could 
happen--Oh! the cloth is charming," said he, aloud. "It has my complete approbation." And he 
smiled most graciously, and looked closely at the empty looms; for on no account would he say 
that he could not see what two of the officers of his court had praised so much. All his retinue 
now strained their eyes, hoping to discover something on the looms, but they could see no 
more than the others; nevertheless, they all exclaimed, "Oh, how beautiful!" and advised his 
majesty to have some new clothes made from this splendid material, for the approaching 
procession. "Magnificent! Charming! Excellent!" resounded on all sides; and everyone was 
uncommonly gay. The Emperor shared in the general satisfaction; and presented the impostors 
with the riband of an order of knighthood, to be worn in their button-holes, and the title of 
"Gentlemen Weavers.

